README.md, before:

# Camaras

**Camaras** is an interface for showing a montage of [https://zoneminder.com/](Zoneminder) monitors, where each monitor
represents one of the hd or sd streams of a camera.


## Recommended IDE Setup

[VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com/) + [Volar](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Vue.volar) (and disable Vetur).

## Type Support for `.vue` Imports in TS

TypeScript cannot handle type information for `.vue` imports by default, so we replace the `tsc` CLI with `vue-tsc` for type checking. In editors, we need [Volar](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Vue.volar) to make the TypeScript language service aware of `.vue` types.

## Customize configuration

See [Vite Configuration Reference](https://vitejs.dev/config/).

## Project Setup

```sh
npm install
```

### Compile and Hot-Reload for Development

```sh
npm run dev
```

### Type-Check, Compile and Minify for Production

```sh
npm run build
```

### Run Unit Tests with [Vitest](https://vitest.dev/)

```sh
npm run test:unit
```

### Run End-to-End Tests with [Cypress](https://www.cypress.io/)

```sh
npm run test:e2e:dev
```

This runs the end-to-end tests against the Vite development server.
It is much faster than the production build.

But it's still recommended to test the production build with `test:e2e` before deploying (e.g. in CI environments):

```sh
npm run build
npm run test:e2e
```

### Lint with [ESLint](https://eslint.org/)

```sh
npm run lint
```

Commit message:

Added vite-plugin-zip-pack to generate a zip file with the built app

README.md, after:

# Camaras

**Camaras** is an interface for showing a montage of [https://zoneminder.com/](ZoneMinder) monitors livestreams, 
where each monitor represents one of the hd or sd streams of a camera.

For more information about livestreams: https://zoneminder.readthedocs.io/en/stable/api.html#streaming-interface



## Project Setup

```sh
npm install
```

### Configuration: Environment variables

For more information see `.env_template`

Required:

- `VITE_ZONEMINDER_HOST`: Set to the url of the ZoneMinder instance (`https://yourserver` in https://zoneminder.readthedocs.io/en/stable/api.html#streaming-interface)


### Compile and Hot-Reload for Development

```sh
npm run dev
```

### Type-Check, Compile and Minify for Production

A zip file called dist.zip will be created at the root of the project, containing the build output.

```sh
npm run build
```

### Run Unit Tests with [Vitest](https://vitest.dev/)

```sh
npm run test:unit
```

### Run End-to-End Tests with [Cypress](https://www.cypress.io/)

```sh
npm run test:e2e:dev
```

This runs the end-to-end tests against the Vite development server.
It is much faster than the production build.

But it's still recommended to test the production build with `test:e2e` before deploying (e.g. in CI environments):

```sh
npm run build
npm run test:e2e
```

### Lint with [ESLint](https://eslint.org/)

```sh
npm run lint
```
